              AWS   Kubernetes   Docker   Git and GitHub   Jenkins   Ansible   Linux   Maven   Apache
Profile Summary:
?	6.5+ years of experience in DevOps, Linux Administration, Build & Release 
management
?	Strong Analytic skills of SDLC and Software Test Life Cycle.
?	Extensive knowledge in Automate the Admin tasks Ansible playbooks.
?	Expertise in CI/CD setup to automate daily builds /nightly builds using Jenkins.
?	Experienced in creating and managing Public and Private Repositories using GIT 
and GITHUB.
?	Experienced in AWS components such as EC2, VPC, S3, EBS, Security Groups, Auto 
scaling, Load Balancer.
?	Experienced in working on creating Docker images & handling multiple images 
for middle-ware installations.
?	Configured and Maintained high availability of Docker images by using 
Kubernetes.
?	Automated different types of Backups, Jobs and Spinning AWS instances by using 
Configuration tools Ansible.
?	Expertise in configuration of Jenkins on Linux OS with master and slave setup to 
implement multiple parallel builds.
?	Expertise in Simplifying Job creation and execution by using CI/CD tool plugins.
?	Worked Experience with monitoring tools such as Cloud watch, Nagios and 
Prometheus.
?	Experienced in Creating and Deploying OVA based Appliances on different types 
of cloud Environments.
?	Effective team player with excellent logical and analytical abilities.
?	Excellent written and verbal communication skills.


Education:
?	B. Tech (Information Technology) from Gayatri Vidya Parishad College of 
Engineering-2016.

Technical Skills:
Cloud Services

AWS Cloud Services 
Configuration 
Management Tools
Ansible
WebServer
Nginx, Apache
Programming 
Languages
Python 2.7, Bash Shell
CI Tools
Jenkins
Versioning Control
Github
Build Tool

Maven, Docker, Kubernetes

Professional Experience
?	Working as a DevOps Engineer in Tech Mahindra, Pune since April 2019.
?	Worked as Linux Administrator at NTT Data, Hyderabad February 2017 to 
March 2019.

Work Profile
Project Name	:	ANZ (Australian New Zealand Bank) Operations and Technologies
Role	:	DevOps Engineer
Duration          :  April 2019 to till date
Responsibilities
?	Deployed the Java applications into web application servers like Tomcat.
?	Supporting the servers and Applications in Development, Testing and Production 
environment.
?	Experience to AWS console for managing L2 operations like EC2 servers, S3 
buckets, Access management etc.
?	Supported a dockerized infrastructure managed by Kubernetes.
?	Implemented & maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing 
GIT.
?	Performed all necessary day-to-day GIT support for deferent projects.
?	Worked closely with developers to pinpoint and provide early warnings of 
common build failures.
?	Automated the build and release management process including monitoring 
changes between releases.
?	Designed and implemented Ansible to configure, install, manage, and deploy 
releases across all environments.
?	Creating buckets , uploading and downloading from S3 , Granting Rights  , 
creating roles , Using Reduced Redundancy Storage , S3 Lifecycle Management
?	Granting permissions to the users and maintaining organization security 
standards.


?	Monitoring and optimizing system and database instance resources to insure 
continuous operations (i.e., database storage, memory, CPU, network usage, and 
I/O contention)

Project	:	Thomson Reuters
Role	:	System Admin
Duration          :  February 2017 to March 2019
Responsibilities
?	Building Physical as well as Virtual (VMware) Servers.
?	Mass Build of Linux/Solaris OS servers using kickstart /jumpstart automation 
application.
?	Installation of Oracle 11g and Sybase open-client, Apache 2.x on Linux 
environment.
?	Verification of the built servers.
?	Kernel Upgrading during outage in production boxes.
?	Decommissioning of the old servers and keeping track or decommissioned and 
new servers using inventory list.
?	Monitored System Activities like CPU, Memory, Disk and Swap space usage to 
avoid any performance issues.
?	Software package and patch administration, involving adding and removing 
software packages and updating patches
?	Maintained proper documentation of all the activities carried out during the 
project.
?	Configuration of LVM (Logical Volume Manager) to manage volume group, 
logical and physical partitions and importing new physical volumes.
?	Installation, configuration, support and security implementation on following 
services:DHCP, SSH, SCP. 
?	Configuration and administration of NFS and Samba in Linux and Solaris.
?	Maintained and monitored all of company\'s servers' operating system and 
application patch level, disk space and memory usage, user activities on day-to-
day basis.
?	User administration on Sun Solaris and RHEL systems, HP-UX machines, 
management & archiving.
?	Installations of HP Open view, monitoring tool, in more than 300 servers.
?	Attended calls related to customer queries and complaints, offered solutions to 
them.
?	Managed and upgraded UNIX's server services such as Bind DNS. 
?	Configuration and administration of Web (Apache), DHCP and FTP Servers in 
Linux and Solaris servers.
?	Responsible for setting cron jobs on the servers. 


?	Decommissioning of the old servers and keeping track or decommissioned and 
new servers using inventory list.
?	Handling problems or requirements as per the ticket (Request Tracker) created.
?	Participated in on-call rotation to provide 24X7 technical supports. 
                                                           
(Neelesh Madhav Tholana)


AWS Cloud / DevOps Engineer
Neelesh Madhav Tholana
Email: neelesh.awsdevops@gmail.com	    Ph: +91 7666572667
Pune, Maharashtra.




